Update SDK docs (#10720)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/tracing/index.mdx

---
title: Set Up Tracing

> description: "With Tracing, Sentry tracks your software performance, measuring metrics like throughput and latency, and displays the impact of errors across multiple systems."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "With Tracing, Sentry tracks your software performance, measuring metrics like throughput and latency, and showing the impact of errors across multiple systems."
```

sidebar_order: 4000
---

## Prerequisites

* You have the <PlatformLink to="/">Python SDK installed</PlatformLink> (version 0.11.2 or higher)

## Configure

> To enable tracing in your application, add the following to your initialization code of the Sentry SDK. Adjust the `traces_sample_rate` depending on how many samples of traces you want to send to Sentry. Setting a value of `1.0` will send 100% of all traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable tracing in your application, adjust the `traces_sample_rate` based on the number of trace samples you want to send to Sentry by adding the highlighted code snippet below. (Setting a value of `1.0` will send 100% of your traces.)
```
